V7 documentation update (#256)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/types/spatial.adoc

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
type Point {
  longitude: Float!
  latitude: Float!
  height: Float
  crs: String!
  srid: Int!
}
----

==== Queries and mutations

Due to the fact that `Point` is an object type, it has an additional type for input in queries and mutations. 

> However, this input types  the same shape as the object type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, these input types have the same shape as the object type:
```
